Why are you suing me?
Just because you hurt my wife
Just using power for personal gain
I am now the head of Lu Enterprises
What's wrong with publicly protecting you?
I'll let you do that. I'll wait.
This is grandpa's Anji
Your stay is up to me
Absolutely impossible
I have already told your grandfather about you.
After many years
The road is endless
Where am I worse than you?
All you think about is yourself
I miss you or I comb your mind
You hurry up
Even Lao Tzu will not be the chairperson of a rich nation
Why didn't you wait for me to come and pick you up?
Yes!
I'm in a hurry to send the publication's separate drawings to Mr. Lu
Oh, Mr. Lu just wrote about people
Seriously, is the current president?
Could it be Grandpa Lu?
Don't you like his usual criminal work?
Yes, Grandpa Lu, how did the road move away?
I don't know who the new president will be
When do you take office?
The new president of the rebellion will take your money
What do you know about the new president?
Ah, then I have something to do, I'll go first
Don't worry
Anyone who recognizes the company will definitely leave
I'm so curious what kind of person he is
Can take back all the positions the size of the road